{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Cover Page: 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 \

\f0 Abstract: 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u10060 
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Acknowledgements: 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
Table of Contents: 
\f1 \uc0\u9989  
\f0 1st Draft\
Introduction: 
\f1 \uc0\u9989  
\f0 1st Draft\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 Related Works:  
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56999  
\f2 50% done\
Background:  
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56999  
\f2 50% done\
Problem Statement and Task Definition:  
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56999  
\f2 30% done.\
Methodology:  
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56999  
\f2 50% done. Missing descriptions for diagrams.
\f0 \
Datasets: 
\f1 \uc0\u9989  
\f0 1st Draft. Need to add samples +  Other Researcher Dataset 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Results: 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u10060 
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Discussions: 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u10060 
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Notes:\
\
\
Supervised:\
	- Annotator\
	- Introduce the datasets\
	\
Unsupervised:\
	- Explain how the dataset is adapted from unsupervised\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Next Week:
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
Thursday-Sunday\
\

\f3\b \ul Weeks after:
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
All days but Wednesdays\
\

\f3\b \ul Preparation for Tomorrow:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \ulnone - Prepare 
\f3\b \ul draft powerpoint
\f0\b0 \ulnone  for defence to communicate message to unrelated person to the field\
- Understandable, explaining to family members\
- Methods. Organised\
- Explain results\
- One slide with TO-DO list\
\
\
\
Related Works, Methodology, Results, Discussion, Abstract\
\
Deadline Schedule:\
\
9:00-10:00 Meeting with Nia\
\
University Deadlines. Restablish relations with professors.\
\
Increase motivation\
Elimate destractions\
\
\
\
https://endnote.com/\
\
\
Research questions, why?\
Which authors?\
Clear reasoning\
Similar thesis\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
/Users/michael/Documents/github/thesis/datasets/financial_alphabet_2021/\
/Users/michael/Documents/github/thesis/datasets/financial_alphabet_2021\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 zip -r archivename.zip directory_name\
\
\
echo mutt -s "Subject of Mail" -a "archivefile.zip"  michaelam3099@gmail.com\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
nohup sh run.sh\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 pAssword1@b\
\
\
mutt  -s "Subject of Mail" -a "archivename.zip" -- michaelam3099@gmail.com\
\
\
\
Stephane Armiche\
\
Mardi 29: \
\
- Immoscout24. Contrat Pack Starter. 6 mois. 215 CHF par mois. 12 mois. 3 pack de service. Compte Starter, Test. Casa One, Starter. Immoscout24, Test Passerelle.\
\
- Annibis. Comparis. Jura. \
- Publi\'e9. Case One Basic. Package.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Casa One:
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
078 233 44 22\
\
\
1. Tax\
2. Thesis dataset server fix\
3. Methodology section\
4. Parking space in Zurich\
5. Multi-Platform section for Apartments\
6. Problem statement section\
7. Gym\
\
\
What is the command for citing tables / figures?\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Ideas:\
\
Add a regulation loss for orthonylmity	. Highest regulation loss. At certain epoch maybe.\
\
Absolute value of the dot product of target node vector and source node vector.\
\
Convolutional Layer. \
\
Same kernel on same/different relations.\
\
\
The entity is now an index\
\
330\
\
Speed is the only force that can defy gravity\
\
\
\
Back Ups:\
\
    The function maps the documents to a set of triplets, also referred to as a knowledge graph $G = \\\{(h_1, r_1, t_1), \\, ... \\,,(h_n, r_n, t_n)\\\}$ where: \
    \
    \\begin\{itemize\}\
        \\item $h_n \\in H \\subseteq L$, head entity of the triplet\
        \\item $r \\in R$, relations of the triplet\
        \\item $t_n \\in T \\subseteq L$, tail entity of the triplet\
    \\end\{itemize\}\
\
Could we freeze all the layers apart from the main facts?\
\
Texted all your exes:\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo-jCrIRb9g}